ModFreaks: Furni V2

Features:
Purchase new furniture for your player owned house.
Edit and reposition existing furniture.
Sell existing furniture for a percentage of the buy price.
Extremely functional UI.
Considerably better furniture/object placement then V1 (and other "furni" mods you will find...)
Easily configurable.
* Theoretically usable for other frameworks/mods, as there is little reliance on ESX/any other mod, except for the initial "wait to load".
* You would need to make your own saving and loading functions if you planned to edit it to that extent.

We fully support this mod and all bugs found through the jivochat on this website.

Notes:
You must have the "ModFreakz Housing" script in order for this to work as intended. Otherwise, be prepared to edit things yourself.
We do not support the bugs that you create, when you edit the files (we do support issues and fix bugs that we created, ofcourse)
After purchase, it may take up to 12 hours for your server to be authorized for usage of this mod. Please be patient during this time.

Important: 
The use of this mod will be locked to your server IP(s). 
You will be able to rename the folder to your liking.
Portions of this script are loaded remotely, and so you won't have direct access to certain crucial functions.
If you have a legitimate addition or change you want to add, contact us through the jivo support on the website.
Again, if you have a change or addition, make sure your suggestion is well though out and prepared, possibly even supplying the portion of code you wish to add.

Video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OSh6_4veFo

Contact:
https://modit.store - Jivo chat
https://twitter.com/mod_freakz -  Tweet us directly

Terms of Sale:
Upon purchase of this script, you understand and concent to the fact that we exclude portions of the script (portions that would otherwise make the script unsable), to be remote loaded onto your server at runtime, as a form of protection for our work. You also understand and agree to the fact that our work is protected under copyright laws, and redistribution or selling our work in any manner is against the terms of this sale.
Any suspicion of a beach of these terms on your part will force us to terminate your authorization to the script, disallowing you from using it any further, regardless of evidence that we may be able to provide. All refund requests at this point are invalid as our terms of sale have been breached.
